# CS340-ClientServerDevelopment
<ins>How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?</ins>  
It is important to create descriptive comments for fellow developers to understand the work, and utilize this skill throughout your code to keep it readable.  Readability also requires that proper variable and function names are created to keep the workflow understandable.  Maintainable code requires tasks we repeat to be combined into a function so any changes to that function are reflected throughout.  Modularity that is gained by creating these functions allows for adaptability as well.  
Connecting the widgets to the database in Project two used this modularity by returning the charts and maps using a callback function, which is inserted into a placeholder dynamically.  I could use this module in the future by reducing the automation that selects the AAC database and animals collection, then adding parameters within the CRUD functions to take in specified collection and database names.  

<ins>How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?</ins>  
I approach problems by asking myself or others what specifically needs to be obtained or identified before expanding on these needs.  This approach didn't change from previous courses, but I had to utilize new tools to identify the same type of solutions.  An example of this was when I did not realize there was a "number_of_employees" field in the research collection because I noticed a relationships array, so I started working on how to find the size of the array then sort that information.  Later, I found the correct field which made the problem easier to solve.  It is important to look thoroughly for what you need to obtain.  In the future, I will ask more questions on clarification to customers so that we are all on the same page and no unnecessary work is completed.  

<ins>What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?</ins>  
Computer scientists find solutions to problems, and using our tools allows ourselves and others the freedom to focus on other more complex problems.  This project is very similar to a product that one company provides to my agency, and my coursework in this class can help me better describe our needs to the company to improve the product.
